hello I am mina to the counselor
in picture of married service the liquid a
collaboration between each address
points - and you're in the process of
watch the first video of a series
of several videos and we are in
train to realize to explain to you
in more detail how do you function
united neck today I'm going all
simply tell you about the different
services we offer every woman
is unique
so every bride must be signed
no longer question you look like
married you deserve to be unique
today
by the way we called the service
ionic yes munich
whether you are a drizzle to attend
in the open you save time
and save you the strip of
preparations
it's our mission is the second
why I had a crime
written for that you have dug up the
price with several professionals
sector to offer you the best
service at the best cost
finally as a picture coach aims to
6 so that you can avoid
errors in hairstyle and
makeup
my role is to help you implement
value your assets and your box and I
present you now the different
packs that we put up we
work with several salons
hairstyle and beauty centers
you have the opportunity to make yourself
styling and makeup at home by day
j be in one of the 70 of our
partners
jeans at the base three different parks of
beauty
but can we propose formulas
tailored to your needs
we have a list of partners from
renault where you will find your
happiness and this according to your means
can also accompany you in
the ocean shopping to attend to choose
your outfits your accessories that one
Colossians found eruptive rédac
this video is not free tibet
order we also occupy a break
husband that he needs a big question
largely group the hair of a
nice pair of shoes we are here
for bronze
I will take a question of water
will be the bride and groom
by going through a service
unique yes their marriage it will do more
hot was reminded to our services
crust but our goal is to you
save money in addition to
time but it's first of us
accompany along the preparations
we advise you what to do
do and what to avoid at all
price we came to target framing your
desires to be evolutionary we stay at
your disposal a whole network of
professionals to scroll a lot more
interesting that if you go live
see you soon with a second video
the riddle